Project outline for L6 Enrichment days 2026
booking and managing bookings of minibuses is a nightmare
system requirements
1. Teachers have to be able to book a minibus/car - with or without a driver (depending on if they can drive or not)
2. vehicles need to be allocated to bookings and minibuses must not be double booked - so need to check if minibus is already allocated
3. Drivers must be able to see any new bookings and "sign up" to drive - again need to check if there are clashes
4. Admin - Drivers total hours per month need calculating to work out pay
   extra minibuses need booking via a third party and adding to system - temporarily?
   Vehicles need taking off road for servicing
   departments need to be billed according to mileage (e.g. 5 p per mile then minimum wage per hour) for each trip, 
   summary generated per month
5. Requesters need to be able to see who is driving, which vehicle and where keys will be if relevant
6. Requesters need to be able to contact drivers to update them accordingly
7. Requesters and Admin need to be able to edit/cancel bookings - drivers need to be let know if things change
8. If booking has changed, driver needs to reconfirm they can still do it!

INITIAL TASKS
Add User - Liam - Complete
View User -Evan
Edit User - lila
delete user - Isaac - Complete
Login/out - set session varialbles of name and userid and role - Alex
Add vehicle  - Gabi
View Vehicles - Jonny
Edit vehicles - primarily mark as available/unavailable - Jonny
Add costcode - Alex

Add booking - done in steps? - 
   add trip details
   Select/request driver - check if driver already allocated at times selected
   Select suitable vehicle - include option to leave blank

Admin - Kristian
- see bookings by date
- see bookings by driver not allocated
- generate report by cost code organised bu month to pass to Finance

Admin - Drivers
- see booking that need a driver
- see bookings that you are 
-input mileage

Admin - Teachers
- see your bookings
- Cancel bookings

Behind the scenes
- notify when Login if any thing has changed relevant to you

